# swagger-java-client

Hedera - Hub for Energy Distribution and Excess Resource Allocation
- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2023-11-15T12:54:05.868886500Z[GMT]

<h2>Intended use</h2> <p>   This api is intended to be used by Market Participants who have a contract with the Grid Operator to receive additional capacity.    Schedules can be requested to receive capacity that can be used by the Market Participant. Once schedule with the provisioned capacity   is acquired the Market Participant is expected to live within those set point boundaries. If the Market Participant comes to the conclusion   that he needs more or less capacity he can updated his requested schedule. If the schedule is no longer required it is expected that the Market Participant   removes it. </p>  <h2>Authentication</h2> <p>   The api is secured with OAuth2. Once a contract is provided to the Market Participant credentials of grant type \"client_credentials\" will be provided.    The <strong>client_id</strong> and <strong>client_secret</strong> can be used to authenticate with <a href=\"https://auth.hedera.alliander.com/\">auth.hedera.alliander.com</a>. The bearer token can then be used in the Authentication header as follows <code>Authorization: Bearer &lt;token&gt;</code>. </p>  <h2>Versioning</h2> <p>   This API implements <b>MediaType-based</b> versioning. To request a specific version use the accept header, for example:   <code>Accept: application/vnd.hedera.v1+json</code>. If no version is specified you will request the latest version automatically.    Be aware that not providing a version can cause issues when breaking changes are released in the new version and is therefore not recommended.    When using and older version of the API you will received a Sunset header giving an indication of when support for that version will be removed in the future. </p>  <h2>Non breaking changes</h2> <p>   Within the current major version it is allowed to make non breaking changes in the same major version of the api. Non breaking changed are defined as follows: </p> <ul>   <li>Adding a endpoint</li>   <li>Adding a resource</li>   <li>Adding a optional field to a existing resource</li>   <li>Adding a parameter to a endpoint</li>   <li>Adding enums to fields that have a fallback (default) value</li> </ul>  <h2>Connectivity issues</h2> <p>   When experiencing connection problems with Hedera it is expected that the Market Participant falls back to its Firm Capacity specified in the contract with the Grid Operator. Reasoning behind this is that if we can not communicate anymore we run the risk of overloading the grid capacity limits. The grid must be protected and be as stable as possible at all times and when communication is not possible every Market Participant needs to fallback to its Firm Capacity limits. </p> 


*Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
  <artifactId>swagger-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-java-client:1.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/swagger-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java
import io.swagger.client.*;
import io.swagger.client.auth.*;
import io.swagger.client.model.*;
import io.swagger.client.api.DefaultApi;

import java.io.File;
import java.util.*;

public class DefaultApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        
        DefaultApi apiInstance = new DefaultApi();
        UUID mRID = new UUID(); // UUID | 
        try {
            apiInstance.scheduleMRIDOptions(mRID);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling DefaultApi#scheduleMRIDOptions");
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}
import io.swagger.client.*;
import io.swagger.client.auth.*;
import io.swagger.client.model.*;
import io.swagger.client.api.DefaultApi;

import java.io.File;
import java.util.*;

public class DefaultApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        
        DefaultApi apiInstance = new DefaultApi();
        try {
            apiInstance.scheduleOptions();
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling DefaultApi#scheduleOptions");
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.hedera.alliander.com/*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleMRIDOptions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleMRIDOptions) | **OPTIONS** /schedule/{mRID} | 
*DefaultApi* | [**scheduleOptions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#scheduleOptions) | **OPTIONS** /schedule | 
*ScheduleApi* | [**scheduleMRIDDelete**](docs/ScheduleApi.md#scheduleMRIDDelete) | **DELETE** /schedule/{mRID} | 
*ScheduleApi* | [**scheduleMRIDGet**](docs/ScheduleApi.md#scheduleMRIDGet) | **GET** /schedule/{mRID} | 
*ScheduleApi* | [**scheduleMRIDPut**](docs/ScheduleApi.md#scheduleMRIDPut) | **PUT** /schedule/{mRID} | 
*ScheduleApi* | [**schedulePost**](docs/ScheduleApi.md#schedulePost) | **POST** /schedule | 

## Documentation for Models

 - [AggregatedNodes](docs/AggregatedNodes.md)
 - [ClientError](docs/ClientError.md)
 - [DateTimeInterval](docs/DateTimeInterval.md)
 - [Issue](docs/Issue.md)
 - [NotAcceptable](docs/NotAcceptable.md)
 - [Period](docs/Period.md)
 - [Point](docs/Point.md)
 - [Quantity](docs/Quantity.md)
 - [RegisteredInterTie](docs/RegisteredInterTie.md)
 - [RequestDirective](docs/RequestDirective.md)
 - [Schedule](docs/Schedule.md)
 - [ScheduleGetResponse](docs/ScheduleGetResponse.md)
 - [SchedulePostResponse](docs/SchedulePostResponse.md)
 - [SchedulePutResponse](docs/SchedulePutResponse.md)
 - [ScheduleReference](docs/ScheduleReference.md)
 - [ScheduleRequest](docs/ScheduleRequest.md)
 - [ServerError](docs/ServerError.md)
 - [TimeSeries](docs/TimeSeries.md)
 - [UnitMultiplier](docs/UnitMultiplier.md)
 - [UnitSymbol](docs/UnitSymbol.md)

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### oauth2

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
  - api://api.hedera.alliander.com/.default: The default scope you need to access hedera


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

support@hedera.alliander.com
